time oh it's just under 16 yeah
crank it out there congratulations Cody
see how do you feel after your big win
very good very good
this might be the highest quality alumni
race in Co agent history can wear this
heard you guys heard you guys got to bed
early last night yeah it was great
crowds the course is beautiful out here
and we're just excited to be a part of
it real kind of grand opening and that
we could get the Wisconsin sing with
across the line first look at this one
have you a pick that one every year now
that was fun this is good to have this
fan support out there and just kind of
have a good time out there with it you
know everyone who supported us in
college yeah yeah in this great course I
mean yeah and so it's your bachelor
party this weekend it's nice
yesterday today we got I got a nice
couple worlds here from paintball yes a
little bit of battle scars but it was
yeah did you try to time that with with
this race so you guys can all come back
oh just worked out that's awesome I ran
into my best man he just be like we were
planning the bachelor party yeah and I
talked to make a bow you know maybe help
yourself with a few things I have this
finish okay yeah Brody's suit did help
yes I anyway yeah I mentioned to me
there was an all right good basically
fell on the same weekend by huh
once we knew that what's that we were
doing it yeah it's awesome me to come
back in its where we all started and
it's awesome to come back here and be a
part of the event give some of the fans
back you know all the support they gave
us over the years come back and show
them some yeah I know you've talked
about how much of all your friends mean
to you with all your training and
everything so it's awkward putting the
green on this morning and being in this
house that we're in the red yeah it was
yes
have you taken some time off from
training have you guys like he's back
now I've already taken three weeks off
Czar's way out of shape coming into this
you made himself air a little bit yeah
there's a good time I love I was only
here from back home are you from real
close to here yeah to our self to our
northern oh uh huh that's my first time
in Madison I thought the city is awesome
we're out here just doing like a fun
little volcano like I know people were
out here for the real country's way
yeah they still were cheering us on yeah
I was really surprised how many people
were here yeah seems like this is a good
course yeah it was great I'm just like
Terre Haute a lot like Terre Haute yeah
but I think nicer it's more compact more
compact yeah beautiful you can see
everything yeah yeah I think it's better